# Week of 03/08/2021 - 03/14/2021

## Meeting Start Time

2021/03/10/7:00 PM

## Meeting End Time

2021/03/10/7:30 PM

## Location/Medium

Zoom

## Present

Sara, Dan, Daniel, Jake

## Minute Recorder
Jake

## Topics Discussed
- Dicussed final prep for iteration presentation
  - Everything is good to go
- Talked about how to approach iteration 5
  - Will continue adding Cypress tests and keep up with backend testing
  - Splitting up Features: Jake will take admin approve message, sarah will take admin viewing flags, daniel will look into image detection, Dan will clean up existing features
- Discussed making existing features more robust
  - User notifcations, empty data error checking
  - Keep track of and get rid of ALL bugs before end of iteration. 

## Things Clarified
Will meet as needed over slack or zoom to discuss progress
