# Client Meeting on 10/22/2020

## Meeting Start Time

2020/10/22/01:00 PM

## Meeting End Time

2020/10/22/14:00

## Location/Medium

Zoom Meeting

## Present

Jake, Sara, Dan, Daniel, Virginie, Michael

## Minute Recorder

Jake, Sara

## Topics Discussed

Reviewing Design documents with Virginie.
- Business Requirements were reviewed.
   - Requirements were approved and some suggestions were made. 
- Reviewed Use Cases.
   - Client clarified difference between managers and admins.
   - Suggested the option of banning users.
   - Discussed potential problems with the flagging system.
      - Possible misuse of system with malicious flagging and how to prevent this.
   - Use cases were reviewed and approved. 
- Reviewed Requirements.
   - Requirements and their priorities were discussed with client.
   - Specified that 'post' should refer to all open-ended input, such as user names, descriptions, comments, etc.
   - Requirements were approved by client.
- Reviewed tech stack.
  - Discussed planned tech stack with client.
  - Discussed purchasing licenses for software.
  - Tech stack was approved.
- Reviewed Prototype
  - Presented video demo to client.
  - Prototype was approved by client.
- Reviewed first iteration features.
  - Presented and explained the planned features of the first iteration to the client.
  - Discussed the possibility of using an external API in the system.
  - Discussed adding a whitelist for user names that may be flagged if it is a legitimate name.
  - Features were approved. 


## Things Clarified

 - Will be meeting in person at Bracken library Saturday for questions and testing of platform.
 - On Saturday we will test platform as users, try to find vulnerabilities, and help to fix bugs.
 - If we have our own ideas about the platform or content system, we are feel to try and implement them.
