# Mentor Meeting on 10/20/2020

## Meeting Start Time

2020/10/20/11:00 AM

## Meeting End Time

2020/10/20/11:25 AM

## Location/Medium

Google Meet

## Present

Jake, Sara, Daniel S, Daniel G, Micheal

## Minute Recorder

Jake

## Topics Discussed

Reviewing and getting feedback on design documents
- Business Requirements: 
    - All good, including scaling users is good to have
- Use Cases:
    - All are good
- Requirements: 
   - FR5 may need to be revised in future to take off automatic removal of flagged posts
   - NR4: can use any tech stack we desire as needed
- Domain model
   - User: will need to take a look at their database tables to determine exact attributes
- First Iteration Features:
   - All good
- Tech Stack:
   - All good
- Prototype:
   - Design over UI focus is good

## Things Clarified

Micheal will attempt to get us access to the their code repository

Will be meeting with Virginie later this week for Design meeting
